Reliable pumping rates and well distributions are often absent in
A Theis-based confined-flow response cannot represent the staged
Capillary suction and inertial force shift the timing of drawdown
Trend residual disturbance and pumping-related high-frequency
One-dimensional radial Boussinesq equation in polar coordinates
Time-shifted flux and hydraulic-gradient relation
Lagging Boussinesq equation containing capillary and inertial lag
Laplace-domain hydraulic-head solution
Time-domain single-well step response
Single-well impulse response function
Single-well drawdown for arbitrary pumping histories
Uniform pumping step-response function
Uniform pumping impulse-response function
Modeled observation-well drawdown under uniform pumping
Fitted transmissivity specific yield and two lag parameters
Estimated pumping rate for each drawdown interval
Forward-modeled drawdown for the observed interval
A resampled residual sequence
One synthetic head data set
One bootstrap parameter estimate
Parameter distributions with reported intervals
A one-at-a-time perturbed parameter vector
One time-dependent elementary-effect trace
Mu-star overall-effect value for each parameter
Sigma variability value for each parameter
Time-dependent parameter-influence curves
Noise-free synthetic head response
Disturbed synthetic observations
Recovered transmissivity, specific yield, and lag parameters
Synthetic recovery differences
Drawdown periods without rainfall
Rain-free drawdown intervals lasting at least six hours
Eighteen stations retaining identified pumping events
Predicted drawdown curve for each station
Parameter estimates across retained stations
Median values for specific yield, transmissivity, and both lag
Lower and upper 95 percent bounds for each field-parameter
The lagging uniform-pumping response extracts plausible